README.md, before:

# Vocalost Utils:

This Userscript aims to make the process of identifying, searching for, and archiving a lost song easier. It makes common ways of finding a song much faster as you can simply use the menu's functions rather than manually going through the process of, for example, copy-pasting a song's id into Nicolog and trying to find it.

### Currently, it has a total of 20 functions, 5 for [User Pages](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki/User-Page) and 15 for [Video Pages](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki/Video-Pages). You can view the list of functions and what they do by clicking on the links or going to the [wiki](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki).

As of 1.1, a [companion script for translating Nicolog](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki#nicolog-translation-helper) is available. 

As of 1.3, a [companion script for downloading locked Piapro songs is available](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki#Piapro-DL) is available. 

# Installation:

Install a userscript manager such as [Greasemonkey](https://www.greasespot.net/), [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/), or [Violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/).

[Click here to install Vocalost Utils.](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/raw/main/vocalostutils.user.js)
[Click here to install Nicolog Translation](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/raw/main/nicologtlhelper.user.js)

The script should now be installed!

# Usage:

This script functions on NicoNico video pages and user pages (pages starting with https://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/ and https://www.nicovideo.jp/user/). On these pages, a menu tab should appear on the center right of the page:

Shown on a page of a deleted video:

![image](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/assets/94876457/332cd651-8159-4e93-8dcb-9e71f11aaa84)

# Issues/Suggestions:

If you're having problems with the script, or want to request a feature to be added, please [open an issue on Github](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/issues) or message me on discord (HUK in vocalost discord).

# Roadmap / Things I hope to implement in the future
- [x] Inital Release
- [ ] Have script reference database of all vocaranks that provide ids in their description (in progress)
- [ ] Have script reference database of ALL vocaranks
- [ ] Ability to search by song's name instead of ID (useful for finding reprints that don't include nnd id, i.e. the majority.)

# Credit:

Credits to everyone who figured out the methods implemented in the script:

kagarin: [PFP](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1160128926811697263) & [Thumbnail](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1159139565563555902) methods

sukihanna: [Nicopedia](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1066567990511939595)

Ajax: [Nicolog](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1084955575168798820), [Openlists](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1208172078256234526)

Mitzi: [Hatena](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1094011777949384765), [Nicoran](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1204215110374264873)

Commit message:

Refactor, remove all database functionality

README.md, after:

# Vocalost Utils:

This Userscript aims to provide general-use tools to aid users in adding certain videos (namely deleted ones) to VocaDB. It integrates common ways of finding a song, making the process much faster than doing them manually.

### Currently, it has a total of 20 functions, 5 for [User Pages](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki/User-Page) and 15 for [Video Pages](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki/Video-Pages). You can view the list of functions and what they do by clicking on the links or going to the [wiki](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki).

As of 1.1, a [companion script for translating Nicolog](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki#nicolog-translation-helper) is available. 

As of 1.3, a [companion script for downloading locked Piapro songs is available](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/wiki#Piapro-DL) is available. 

# Installation:

Install a userscript manager such as or [Violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/) (recommended).

[Click here to install Vocalost Utils.](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/raw/main/vocalostutils.user.js)
[Click here to install Nicolog Translation](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/raw/main/nicologtlhelper.user.js)

The script should now be installed!

# Usage:

This script functions on NicoNico video pages and user pages (pages starting with https://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/ and https://www.nicovideo.jp/user/). On these pages, a menu tab should appear on the center right of the page:

Shown on a page of a deleted video:

![image](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/assets/94876457/332cd651-8159-4e93-8dcb-9e71f11aaa84)

# Issues/Suggestions:

If you're having problems with the script, or want to request a feature to be added, please [open an issue on Github](https://github.com/mn7216/Vocalost/issues) or message me on discord (HUK in VocaDB discord).

# Roadmap / Things I hope to implement in the future
- [x] Inital Release


# Credit:

Credits to everyone who figured out the methods implemented in the script:

kagarin: [PFP](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1160128926811697263) & [Thumbnail](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1159139565563555902) methods

sukihanna: [Nicopedia](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1066567990511939595)

Ajax: [Nicolog](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1084955575168798820), [Openlists](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1208172078256234526)

Mitzi: [Hatena](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1094011777949384765), [Nicoran](https://discord.com/channels/1052065579760107531/1052071447511711775/1204215110374264873)
